

3pm Jesse was at home with his staff when I got to work today. I checked on him he was doing doing. staff assisted him to use the bathroom and changed his diaper for him. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out the the community place around his neighborhood. He listened to music and watch other    cars passing bye until he returned home. staff prepared his dinner food and called him to the table to eat. He was supervised to eat his food so he does not have food choking accident. When he finished eating he cleared the table and staff assisted him washed the dishes. 7pm Jesse was assisted to take shower and he changed his cloths. 8pm medication was given to him and signed for. Jesse went to his room and was selecting his cloths for the next day. When staff check on him he was sleeping and doing well. Staff finished the chores in the house and hand over the shift at 11pm. He had good day no issue to report.



3pm Jesse was at home when staff arrived to work. He was doing well when staff check on him, He watched tv shows and interacted with staff. He was watching tv shows and all of sudden he started stamping his feet's on the ground and slapping his face. staff redirected him serval times to stop and he listened. He was assisted to use the bath room and his diaper changed for him. 5pm Jesse was in the house doing well and happy. staff prepared dinner food and called him to the table to eat. He was supervised and prompted to drink water and slow down eating. 7pm Jesse was assisted with shower and he changed he changed his cloths. 8pm medication was given to him before he went to his room. 9pm Jesse was in his room selecting the cloths for the next day. When staff checked on him again he was sleeping and doing well. staff clean the house and hand over the shift at 11pm.



3pm Jesse was in the house when staff arrived to work today. He was happy and doing fine when staff checked on him. He requested for snack and juice and when he finished eating, he continue playing with his toys and interacting with staff. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out to the community in his Van. We drove around the his community until he returned home. At home, staff prepared dinner food and called him to the table to eat. He was also supervised and prompted to drink water while he eat the food. Jesse did not like this so he start to protest by hitting the dinner table and the walls. He ate the food without any incident and cleared the table when he was done eating. 7pm staff assisted him to take shower and changed his cloths and  8pm medication was given to him. Jesse when to his room and select his cloths for the next day. 9pm Jesse was in his room sleeping when staff check on him. staff clean the house and hand over the shift at 11pm


3pm Jesse was at home when shift started. staff checked on him he was doing good and happy. He watched tv shows and interacted with staff. staff assisted him when he needs help. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out to the community place of his choice. we drove around the neighborhood while he listed to music and watching cars around until he returned home. staff assisted him take shower and take shower and he changed his cloths. staff prepared dinner and called him to the table. He was supervised to eat without issues.  8pm His medications were given to him and he went his room to select his cloths for the next day. 9pm Jesse was in his room sleeping on his back and doing well. staff clean the house and fold his cloths into the closet for him and hand over the shift at 11pm. 


3pm Jesse was at home when staff arrived to work today. He was excited to see staff and ask to be taking out to the community. staff fixed him some snacks food and drink before taking him on the Van the community. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out  to the community He enjoyed the ride all the way until he returned home. Staff prepared dinner food and called him to the table to eat. He ate all the food that was given to him while staff supervised him to slow down and drink. after eating he cleared the table and staff assisted washed the dishes. 7pm staff assisted him to take shower and he change his cloths. 8pm medication was given to him and he went to his room. 9pm Jesse was in his room getting his cloths ready for for tomorrow.  staff clean the house and fold his cloths. when staff check on him again he was sleeping on his side and doing well. staff finished the rest of the chores in the house and hand over the shift at 11pm.


3pm Jesse was at home watching tv shows in his living room when staff report to work. staff made a quick check on him he was doing good and happy. staff assisted him when needs help and served him with some snack and Juice. 5pm Jesse assisted clean his room and we fold his cloths in the the closet. Jesse and staff then drove out in the community. We drove around his neighborhood and parks until he returned home. staff prepared dinner for food and called him to eat. He was supervised to eat his food without any issue. He cleared the table and staff assisted him washed the dishes. 7pm Jesse was assisted with night shower after which pm medication was given to him at 78pm. 9pm Jesse went to his room and was selecting his cloths for tomorrow. staff cleaned the house and hand over the shift at 11pm  


3pm Jesse was at home when staff arrived to work. He was doing well when staff checked on him and he was given some snacks to eat. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out driving around his neighborhood. He listened to music and watched other cars moving around. Jesse had fun until he returned home. Staff prepared his dinner food and called him to the table to eat. He was supervised to eat the food well with out any incident. After he cleared the table and staff washed the dishes for him. 8pm Jesse was assist with bathing and personal care. 8pm medication was given to him and he went to his room to select cloths he want to ware the next day. 10pm Jesse was in his room sleeping on his back and doing well. staff clean the house and hand over the shift at 11pm.

3pm Jesse was at home watching tv shows  when staff arrived to the work today. He was doing very well and happy when staff check on him. staff assisted him when he needs help. staff and Jesse drove out to the community. we drove around the neighborhood and shopping centers. Jesse listen to country music and watch other cars moving around. 5pm Jesse returned home and went to his room. staff prepared his dinner food and called him to the table to eat. He was supervised to eat his food without any issue. 7pm when Jesse finished eating staff assisted him to take shower and he changed his cloths. 8pm medication was given to him and he went to his room to select his cloths for the next day. 9pm Jesse was in his room sleeping on his bed and doing well. staff clean the house and fold his cloths. staff handed the shift to the next staff at 11pm.



3pm Jesse was at home when staff arrived to work. Staff checked on him he was doing good and happy. He watched his favorite tv programs and played with his toys. Staff assisted him to use the bathroom and his toys. 5pm staff prepared dinner food and called him to the table to eat. while eating he started banging on the table when ever staff tell him to slow and drink water with his food. He finished eating the food and cleared the table. 7pm Staff assisted him to take his shower and he changed his cloths and picked the once he want to ware next day. 8pm medication was also given to him without any incident. 9pm Jesse went to his room lay down, staff clean the house and fold his cloths into his closet for him. Jesse was sleeping and breathing normal when shifted at 11pm. 


3pm Jesse was at home with his staffs when shift begins. He was happy for the shift changes, staff checked on him he was doing fine and happy. staff fix some snacks pack for him and assisted him play on his ipad. Jesse was assisted to use the bathroom and he changed his cloths all right. 5pm staff prepared one of Jesse dinner food and called him to eat. He was supervised to eat the food without any incident. after eating he cleared the dishes and staff washed them. 7pm Jesse was assisted with bathing and oral hygiene care. 8pm medication was also given to him. 9pm Jesse went to bed to sleep. staff assisted him to bed and turn out the lights. shift ended well no incident to report. 

3pm Jesse was at home doing well when staff arrived to the work. He was doing well when staff check on him. Staff gave him some snacks and assisted him to use the bathroom. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out to the community. We drove around his neighborhood and surrounding areas. He returned home and staff prepared dinner food for him. He ate all of the food that was given to him. He cleared the table and staff washed the dishes for him. 7pm Jesse assisted with bathing and changing of his cloths. 8pm medication was given to him and he went to his room. Jesse selected his cloths for the next day. 9pm Jesse was in bed sleeping and breathing normal. staff clean the house and hand over the shift at 11pm. 




3pm Jesse was in the house when staff arrived to work. staff checked on him he was doing well and happy. staff prepared some snack food for him and assisted him to use the bathroom. 5pm Jesse and staff drove out on his Van around his neighborhood. He wad happy and listened to country music. He returned home and staff prepared his dinner food for him to eat. He was also supervised to eat the food without any incident. He cleared the table and staff washed the dishes. 7pm Jesse was assisted to take his shower and he changed his cloths. 8pm medication was given to him . Jesse went to his room to select cloths to ware next day. 9pm Jesse was in bed sleeping and doing well. staff turn out the lights in his room. staff finished the rest of the chores in the house and hand over the shift at 11pm






4. Am Jesse was in bed sleeping in his room when staff arrived. When he woke up, both staff assisted him take shower, changed his cloths and his morning hygiene care. staff cleaned the room and washed his cloths for him. Jesse is watching tv shows in the living room and ready for the day.




Start from 12/8/21

12/08/ JJ broke electric socket in his room.

jd@jdsupholstery.com







RAY

o9


Ray was in his room with his dog when staff arrived to the shift. he exchanged greeting with staff when he came to the living room. he walk his dog outside and later prepared his dinner food which he ate and washed the dishes. He administered his medications under supervision of staff. He retire to his bed and was sleeping. shift ended no issue to report 

Ray was in his room at the start of the shift. He walks his dog out and return to his room. He was in his room the whole time until it was time for his dinner which he made himself. He took shower and changed into bedtime cloths. He administered his medications and went to sleep. staff clean the house and handover the shit to the next staff. 


3pm Ray was in his room watching tv shows and playing with his dog. He exchanged greetings and told staff how his day went good. he walk his dog outside the to use the bathroom. He prepared his dinner food and ate all of it. He changed to took shower. He administered his 8pm medications before going to bed. 